Coding Life-Cycle of a Jira Issue (#82)
atolye15/checklist: checklists/coding-life-cycle-of-a-jira-issue.md

---
title: Coding Life-Cycle of a Jira issue
category: General
date: "2020-03-12"

> tags: ['jira', 'issue', 'development']

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: ['jira', 'issue', 'development', 'workflow' ]
```

> description: You have some protocols before you start to coding, on process and afterwards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Atolye15 has some protocols before you start to coding, on process and afterwards
```

---

- [ ] Read acceptance criteria carefully  

> Be sure all cases covered. Even you already discussed the issue with the team, some new cases may come up your mind. Don't hesitate to discuss AC one more time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Read the acceptance criteria carefully  
Be sure all cases are covered. Even you already discussed the issue with the team, some new cases may come up to your mind. Don't hesitate to discuss AC one more time with the team!
```

> Be sure all cases covered. Even you already discussed the issue with the team, some new cases may come up your mind. Don't hesitate to discuss AC one more time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be sure all cases are covered. Even you already discussed the issue with the team, some new cases may come up to your mind. Don't hesitate to discuss AC one more time.
```

- [ ] Create a branch for the issue  

> You should create a branch with name `feature/ABC-123_brief-description`. For bugs change `feature` with `bug` keyword.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should create a branch with a name like `feature/ABC-123_brief-description`. For bugs change `feature` with `bug` keyword.
```

- [ ] Push your branch to remote immediately

> Since we have Jira-GitHub integration, you have to push the branch to remote in order to trigger "In Progress" transition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we have Jira-GitHub integration, you have to push the branch to remote in order to trigger "In Progress" transition on Jira.
```

- [ ] Start time tracker  

> You need to log your work time. You can use [Chronos](https://chronos.web-pal.com) or [Clockify](https://clockify.me). You can also manually log it from Jira interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to log your work time. You can use [Chronos](https://chronos.web-pal.com) or [Clockify](https://clockify.me). You can also manually log it on Jira interface.
```

- [ ] Write the code 👊  

> You always commit changes with a meaningful scope. Commit should contain just one task at a time. Therefore, all commits must be revertable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You always commit changes with a meaningful scope. Commits should contain just one task at a time. Therefore, all commits must be revertable
```

> - [ ] Make sure you added necessary tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Make sure you added necessary tests

- [ ] Check that everything is working as mentioned on acceptance criteria via E2E or manually  
```

> - [ ] Make sure there is no any linting or formatting error

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Make sure that there is no, any linting or formatting error
```

---
title: Coding Life-Cycle of a Jira issue
category: General
date: "2020-03-12"

> tags: ['jira', 'issue', 'development', 'workflow' ]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
tags: ['jira', 'issue', 'development', 'workflow']
```

> description: Atolye15 has some protocols to follow before starting to coding, in progress and afterwards

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
description: Atolye15 has some protocols to follow prior to coding, in progress and afterwards of coding as well.
```

---

- [ ] Read the acceptance criteria carefully  
Be sure all cases are covered. Even you already discussed the issue with the team, some new cases may come up to your mind. Don't hesitate to discuss AC one more time with the team!

- [ ] Create a branch for the issue  

> You should create a branch with a name like `feature/ABC-123_brief-description`. For bugs change `feature` with `bug` keyword.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You should create a branch with a name like `feature/ABC-123_brief-description`. For bugs change `feature` with `bug` keyword
```

> - [ ] Push your branch to remote immediately

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] Push your branch to remote immediately. 
```

> Since we have Jira-GitHub integration, you have to push the branch to remote in order to trigger "In Progress" transition on Jira.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Since we have Jira-GitHub integration, you have to push the branch to remote in order to trigger "In Progress" transition on Jira
```

- [ ] Start time tracker  

> You need to log your work time. You can use [Chronos](https://chronos.web-pal.com) or [Clockify](https://clockify.me). You can also manually log it on Jira interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You need to log your work time. You can use [Chronos](https://chronos.web-pal.com) or [Clockify](https://clockify.me). You can also manually log it on Jira interface
```

- [ ] Write the code 👊  
You always commit changes with a meaningful scope. Commits should contain just one task at a time. Therefore, all commits must be revertable

- [ ] Make sure you added necessary tests

- [ ] Check that everything is working as mentioned on acceptance criteria via E2E or manually  

- [ ] Make sure that there is no, any linting or formatting error

- [ ] Make sure you aren't below the coverage threshold

- [ ] Push your changes

> - [ ] Create a new PR

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] Create a new PR. 
```

> You may mention the issue name on PR title.

Reviewer 3: 👁
```suggestion
You may mention the issue name on PR title
```
